# js-starter with react react-router babel sass and eslint
For this assignment we basically created an app with multiple routes that lead to different connected components and display them. For example, we have the index: which displays all the posts, the new: which displays a new post form page, and the show: which displays an individual post according to its id. This info is all stored rudimentarily on the cs52 heroku webapp and our program basically retrieves that basic info and puts it into a more user friendly format on display. To do this, we used redux which involves actions, reducers, and the store. The actions are the only things that do the actual work and communicating it up to the server via axios calls. Once an action is called, it passes it to the reducer which then returns it locally as inputs into the actual displaying part. Thus, in order to allow a component to communicate with server via actions, it needs access to the store, which keeps track of a global state (that holds a majority of the information much like app did in our previous post-it app). This access occurs when you transform it into a connected component and import the required actions to use.

For part 2 of the blog server assignment front end, we needed to add additional pages for authenticating the user, including the sign in and sign up pages. We also needed to provide the actions for the user when he/she decides to sign up, log out, sign in, or missed a field for these pages. Similar to the back-end, we needed to create the require-auth.js page in order to protect our routes from those who aren't authenticated. Finally, we added another reducer for our authentication actions such to make sure our pages were fed the proper authentication status. Overall, I believe both the front end and back end work as intended, and there isn't too much issue. I was pretty busy this week with writing my final papers, so I couldn't add on to error handling (the app just does nothing when encountering an error). Other than that, I feel pretty proud that I got through this deceptively difficult assignment!

The app was very tricky in terms of wiring and I really had a hard time understanding what was required in order to get the app working with the heroku server. This was without a doubt the hardest part. For extra credit I hopefully made mine look "snazzy" with cool blurs and boxshadows as well as comprehensively sized form fields :). Also attempted handling errors, but not sure that I implemented them correctly.
